Checking if the ingredient list was ok, it was!
Ingredients

    1 ball Best Pizza Dough (or Food Processor Dough or Thin Crust Dough)
    ⅓ cup refried pinto beans, canned (or Homemade Refried Beans)
    ¾ cup shredded cheddar cheese
    2 green onions
    1 handful canned sliced black olives
    1/2 romaine heart
    1/2 tomato or 3 cherry tomatoes
    2 tablespoons Homemade Ranch Dressing
    3 organic corn tortilla chips
    Hot sauce, for the garnish
    Kosher salt
    Semolina flour or cornmeal, for dusting the pizza peel

Instructions

    Make the pizza dough: Follow the Best Pizza Dough recipe to prepare the dough. (This takes about 15 minutes to make and 45 minutes to rest.)
    Place a pizza stone in the oven and preheat to 500°F. OR preheat your pizza oven (here’s the pizza oven we use).
    Prepare the toppings: Taste the refried beans: if needed, mix in a pinch or two of cumin and a pinch of kosher salt. (Ours were already well seasoned.) Thinly slice the green onion. Chop the romaine lettuce. Chop the tomatoes.
    Bake the pizza: When the oven is ready, dust a pizza peel with cornmeal or semolina flour. (If you don’t have a pizza peel, you can use a rimless baking sheet or the back of a rimmed baking sheet. But a pizza peel is well worth the investment!) Stretch the dough into a circle; see How to Stretch Pizza Dough for instructions. Then gently place the dough onto the pizza peel.
    Spread the refried beans over the dough using a spatula to create a thin layer. Add the cheddar cheese, then top with black olives and half of the green onions. Top with a pinch of kosher salt.
    Use the pizza peel to carefully transfer the pizza onto the preheated pizza stone. Bake the pizza until the cheese and crust are nicely browned, about 5 to 7 minutes in the oven (or 1 minute in a pizza oven).
    Top with the reserved green onions, chopped tomatoes and romaine, and crumbled tortilla chips. Drizzle with ranch dressing and if desired, sprinkle with hot sauce. Slice into pieces and serve immediately.

